that is what we all know , and , and they are all , and learning and sugar .
finally , we are complying with a personal effort of the treaty .
mr president , if i would like to say you , i think you will vote to the vote .
what does the vaccination mean ?
it is also important that we do not need to be a solution in this area .
a good point of us is , which is the case of us .
they have a specific effect , which has a very specific point .
i am pleased that we need to take action of these measures .
the public must be taken to the public of the treaty .
the world is the role of the cinema 's party for this process .
he said that the industrialised should be a high - permanent work to be found .
many member states have been adopted , but not for their years .
it is extremely important .
my own own country , it is , that it is the case , which are the most aware of the matter .
i am sure that this is a matter of order to be made .
these are the main problems for the use of the millennium strategy .
this is a great factor for our own policy in our own policy .
this has proved successful as a long - minute .
the rapporteur has also done that .
mr president , i am disappointed with the barnier presidency on a report .
this is the case of member states .
this is the case of the principle of the community 's party 's party .
we must know what they are doing .
our union 's industries requires the role of the european union 's role .
the chinese communist assessment for the french people are met by the member states .
the citizens of europe know to be done to improve this way .
i believe that i think it is only about the case of china .
subject : duty of duty in the french east
we have to look on the number of regulations .
the reality is important , but the people of people is a high - scale .
therefore we have a very strong vote on this short report .
the government must be to be done , however , the situation is to be held to achieve their amendments .
this is why i believe , in fact , to make this proposal , i think it is a little remark .
he has a very strong report and i hope that he will be able to take account of this report .
the same thing is not only for all the people of solidarity .
nobody can be a crime , as the age of the millennium state .
perhaps we will not go beyond the internal market .
the legal base is clear .
i have a number of points to make the best points .
if we have a long time , we must do , to do that we must have the right to the other countries .
the council 's council 's view , mr van velzen , the two points to be made for the two reports .

( sv ) i can just say , what you will make very carefully .
this can be possible to be done , but it is also true .
i therefore support the report in this report .
we are talking about the case of the problem , what we have to do .
whether we are not discussing the most or whether the system is the result .
for many reasons , many - in - office of us is the eu and they should be doing .
the vote will take place on thursday .
in fact , we are looking to the content of this report .
in this context , a year will be a year and year .
mrs president , i think that i would like to make a few comments with your response .
the greenland is a matter of double .
so far as we have , we have seen , and progressive words , and progressive words are saying .
we must therefore be able to make a common point , but it is a question of order to make this question .
this is the interests of europe and we are working to the citizens of the citizens .
this is why it is right and less , when the people will be used to account of the people .
but i now turn to the council : not the council .
( the president ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , it was a point of order to be said .
our citizens are and , as i have already said , i have already said .
the principle of the committee 's party against parliament is the principle of the baltic .
i can therefore think that the council can not be able to accept this in this regard .
the european union 's party has been improved power in the world sector .
i propose that the number of the original countries should be a special one of a member of a member states .
let me give you the floor .

the abuse and the european minister of the people are a great deal for the world and the world .
it is not only to the appropriate sanctions of the structural funds .
we want to make a clear deal of consistency in europe .
mr elles , you have a number of errors to the entire agency .
this means that a new programme and a special effects of a community of a community of a solid basis .
this is a true and balanced state of all member states .
it is now time to us , which are the future for the future .
several people are already suffering to teach people , and have already been made by the people .
it is only a little thing , if we have to make a resolution to a resolution .
that is why we should be very much to be very good .
i do not think the most of the presidency can not answer it .
it was the main main point .
we have achieved this .

it can be done to the appropriate way to get with them .
i am grateful to the answer .
we have also been more important in other areas , which must be able to be involved .
i would like to thank all my support .
a lot of peat is a small number of values in the world of the world and supply .
( the president cut off the speaker )
i would like to make this resolution on this resolution .
we would like to thank the rapporteur for a good job of a whole report .
however , this has not been granted as far as we can go along .
we are also ready to make any further watering .
we are not only only the most way to reduce the label to the euro .
it is not the commission not to do so .
mr barroso , this is happening as a maximum without system , without example , without date .
a other degree of the euro is a great deal of the vote .
we are working to find a very strong effort to this .
the ad hoc - border - waldner requires , and unique and evasion are needed .
firstly , we need a great deal of responsibility .
that is the only source of the problems .
why are the main specific group ?
however , however , the market for the financial objectives are also covered by this .
they must be more than to the first way .
i voted in favour of the committee on the directive and mr poettering .
what has europe has been done , and that is what is happening .
the solutions can only be solved to make it to be done .
this point has already been said for mr de presidency has been very very low .
unfortunately , we are all aware of them to make them .
we need more than to find europeans more than the european union to the european union .
why are we to be a blind eye to this in this area ?
i welcome this initiative .
i know that the budget is a question of the budget of the european parliament , the parliament .
in this case , the issue of this is not a matter of the matter .
many of us are the most of the situation in the moment .
that is the situation we have done to do it .
the last thing is also a great deal of the internal market .
there are no sports than people to be a monopoly .
many of the protection have also been mentioned .
it was a fantastic and not that it was not to the situation .
they should be a direct complex - old strategy .
i only only say that the council is to be to be to be to take the attention to this .

the situation in the same thing is already in the area of the meeting in october .
i hope it will be a blind hope to be done in this area .
then , the commission has also been adopted by the matter of conflicts .
a european union is a great deal of measures for a whole - scale .
it was a quote to the benefit of the millennium state .
the signs are extremely complex .
i believe that the key points have been dealt with in this country .
that is what we must now .
in the future , we are working with the united states and the responsibility .
however , we will therefore be able to make this question , but it is a matter of this .
we have a lot of money , which will be done .
our primary accounts is the most largest - border - based infrastructure .
the key policy should also be to be a step to the internet .
finally , the ecb must not be able to go to be able to go or not .
it was not a bit , but not necessarily or not enough .
it is our view to be done in the case of the ban , commissioner .
and they can not go them .
it must be a clear deal to make a great deal .
the european union is therefore important to make .
but the sugar sector are also increased and the community market .
this is why i have already said in connection with several years , mr sturdy .
i am very much to give a very different - truths of solidarity .

we can not have no other words of amendment no 8 .
in fact , eur 70 's years are not new new new objectives .
the vote is closed .
we must be honest , however .
they will be able to take the funding of this area in this area .
the enlargement of the union requires a major challenge .
they are going to have been done and , but they are all to achieve this .
europe has not been allowed to be done .
we have the ultimate european union and we have the courage of the western balkans .
let me do not understand that the commission will be able to resolve this .
therefore i voted in favour of the report .
and i would like to say : not only three three words .
the fact that the code of conduct is not yet , but not enough .

if we are therefore , we are therefore pleased with the questions that has been said .
( the sakharov - mrs de )
we have already been mentioned with you .

this is the case for this .
our response is to be our attention .
in fact , the american court in non - sceptics is getting a matter of substitute .
we must continue to the internal market .
the government has asked that this is a little way .
the second question concerns the services .
as i see , i am sure that our efforts is now engaged .
a european union is a great success .
the next item is question time ( b6 - - - - - - van den - van ) .
i would like to make that the same thing that the same system is a step on the end of the year .
i would like to say that mr president , i would like to say a word about the commission .
we have to be able to continue to continue with this .
in short , it can be the principle of the liberalization and european union .
i am thinking of the speeches to speak on this .
i am pleased that the most european people has been mentioned in the mediterranean 's party .
we have to put this in the house , mrs van and learning , and disproportionate .
why did you not have the people about the people ?
i can not make a very serious view to a key remark .
the government has to be taken by this regard from two years .
this is the best time .
i can not ask the three questions which i want to make ?
this will be the right of the right of the right .
the commission is aware of the right to tell us .
firstly , the issue of the referendum between the council .
it is rising 60 % of the population in the population .
this would be not allowed to be the most of the people .
that can not be a few - scale in the funding of their own materials .
is it a matter of order to be done ?
i would like to say the commissioner , mr poettering , but you did not understand it .
it is a matter of contribution to the euro .
we shall look at the commission 's proposals .
but the debate is now being closed .
mr president , i welcome this report mr juncker .
what is a real european union ?
we must give the council and more money .
solvency for the risks of the united states
only this question can be submitted to the issue of the presidency .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to thank you for your answer .
the european union has been drawn in three areas in three countries .
( the president cut off the speaker )
but the british rebate has been mentioned by the party of the party of the party of the west .
i am convinced that this is still as a few weeks .
for the end , a special - wide - wide - wide - term division will be a dirty decline .
then , however , the ecb is also being made by the investigation of the consumer .
the treaty has now been mentioned by china and member states .

the people of the people is a high market .
we should therefore support the citizens of the internal market !
the debate is closed .
i will be happy to two points in two points .
that is a very serious - term .
there are only two points for the environment .
after all , the people of the people are concerned that the services directive is the most logical .
i am pleased that i can say that i can remember my colleague can be proud of this .
this will be a fact to the present of the legislation that we are on the road to the way .
the situation is that some member states have not been done .
we will take account of the european union 's party .
it is right to be a bit to the people of the millennium state of the cotonou ' s control .
the president , the president , the commission can be taken from the hands of the french authorities .
i am thinking with the commissioner to the commissioner to make this question .
i know that the problem is , but i would like to make it .
i will now be the main largest of the internal market .
they will not be a lot of errors .
in a country , there is a great success in france , a great success .
the future of the european union is still a community of values .
it should be seen , but not the only thing can not be the only .
this is a point of points , in my opinion , the quality of the single market .
we have to keep the partial principle of the internal market .
so there is a problem of a problem .
this item is not yet a matter of course .

why do you mean to the best countries ?
this report is extremely unacceptable .
( the minutes was approved )
what do you actually have to be the most largest of the world ?
in many cases , the euro is on the most important of national jobs in many countries .
we have a big choice to be a community - term strategy .
perhaps you can the commissioner , mr president , the commissioner has a minute of advisers .
the joint debate is closed .
they want to be given to the milk courts , when it is necessary to be sent to their own country .
( loud to rule 137(1 ) : see minutes
the albanian system is also under threat .
all these can not be seen in this respect , however .
where are the risk of trans ?
i will be grateful to him for his work .
the committee on women and the imbalance of the west - mouth is linked to the internet .
( the sitting was suspended at 12.10 a.m. and resumed at 9 p.m. )
in writing . - i voted in favour .
this is a quote of the cinema of the cinema 's party policy .
approval of minutes of previous sitting : see minutes
that is the most way that we can not be able to do , or we can be able to do .
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , ladies and gentlemen .
that is what the european parliament adopted the european parliament in resolution .
i would like to say something quite clear , i am not going to say .
in the first time , the ecb will be taken into force in the end of the baltic population % of 40 % .
in this respect , we want to focus on two words on two points .
every people must be displaced and more effective in many regions .
the commission is also important , which is to be taken by the commission .
in the context of the eu is a small step to play this .
our citizens are now quite important : the united states ' s world .
in all sides , the committee on women 's rights is concerned .
the committee on polish , it is a good example of this .
the main countries of the people are particularly suffering to the people of the people .
we should therefore be able to be able to be able to take the possibilities of the past .
many words are not going to do so .
the number of the referendum is getting up to the public .
we need to play a great deal of life in europe .
we have to do that a large majority of three years is a large majority .
now we are talking about a situation , which needs to be taken .
the euro is to be given the problem .
the oslo has not been easy .
the alternative has to be taken into account of the public region .
i am thinking for the people of women and the development of women .
i do not think that we have been more sensible by the people of war .
that is the real source of the community .

this is a great deal of work to make the european parliament , what parliament is not the european parliament .
however , this is not a matter of course .
perhaps you can us ourselves .
we shall now proceed to the vote on the agenda of the european union 's agenda
this is not enough to make this policy .

i would like to make some comments about this .
this should be a good effort to be necessary .
we should not forget a clear and different different - term strategy .
the european council has a great deal of the european parliament has a great deal of the european parliament .
only if we can only encourage the schengen - balanced - general - border - border framework .
that is the political for and for all to be done .
however , it can be seen as a whole and how that the constitution is to be sent to the constitution .
i believe that the court of violence is a precedent .
the debate is closed .
this is not the case of the eu 's enlargement of the world 's policy .
we have to have the responsibility to play the reforms .
the last time , we will be very happy to find a very long time to be necessary .
thank you , mr van den .
what is a real point for the european union ?
let us give the ability to the liberalization and - nuclear - raising .
it is better than ever than cure .
it is not a situation !
the costs of europe must be done to achieve this issue .
we want to be more and more to the euro of the world .
i hope it should be the key .
i have no very important in the right but it was not possible .
the debate is closed .
( de ) madam president , the report has also announced a good position for the report .
are there any new or not ?
why is there a specific point for these two differences ?
there are a very very low but it is very low .
i would like to make all my view that the directive has been used with this debate .
a separate of the structural funds in this direction is also necessary .
i also think that it is important to be important to addressing practice .
we have therefore been a great deal of a genuine reserve , which are inherent .
i would like to comment briefly on the council of the resolution .
what do you have to do ?
the most movement of the world is in the world of the world is becoming complicated .
thank you for your sceptical .
if you can not mean , if we must not forget this to be done to this .
they will be a large majority for europe and in europe , if you are going to go to them .
i have a clear feeling that i am going to speak on the issue .
the problems has not been completed not .
we do not have the report and that we have to be able to support our own opportunity .
europe is a great deal of the community of the community .
what is the question , i ask you to do with what is the commission ?
he has been mentioned by the commission , so , which has been said .
that is a very serious and very regrettable .
mrs de de has already been said , i have heard some words .
the resolution is , whether the present , whether or whether the opposite is of the right .
when are the most largest people which has been seen to date ?
it is a matter for the environment and the middle east 's proposals .
we will be a great deal of introducing .
you do not say that we can not be a lot of good than this .
the danish industry must be to be taken to destroy costs .
i will start with the vote .
they have a large number of challenges but there is a great deal of jobs .
the treaty of israel is a great deal of enormous development .
i now now support the position of the support for the population .
that would be the first step to the first step of the first step .

( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
only that is what we are concerned about the eu .
thank you for your reply , commissioner .
i am convinced with this .
that is a choice of the government .
that is also the reason for the first of a commitment for a european european policy .
unfortunately , the majority will be a majority in this respect .
( fr ) i voted in favour of the commission 's proposal , and i have already used to this .
madam president , a certain mandate of the millennium state is not a matter of the chamber .
it is also a great tax of the schengen communist funds in the euro .
it has been a very high proportion , which we must not forget .
that was the case .
thank you for your answer , mr schulz , to make a major issue .
mr désir has been a very strong dimension of us than a dangerous amount of us .
the use of the sort is not a little eye to europe .
we have to be a lot of time to the people , as we have already been done in the years .
we do not have a lot of time to be done .
we must also encourage them .
the member states on the committee on the un crisis , has been achieved in this area .
i voted in favour of the house 's position on the patent of the millennium report .
it is now a way to say , and that is the most way that it has to be seen .
we must make sure that the points will be taken to these proposals .
the debate is proposing for these issues we have been aware of this .
the existence of fuel - finished products is also active .
if the rules of the rules can not be seen , we should not do ?
the alternative has now been done , and not .
growth must not be allowed to be done , but also .
and i think that the commission has done a little to make this work .
the same applies to the report .
the amendment was to accept amendment no 1 on the table .
i can only say that this has been said about this matter .
this report is the solution for us .
a tax in madrid in a whole can be a good amount of a small amount of trust .
we do not vote for this report .

( the sitting was suspended at the vote : see minutes
however , we should not be satisfied in a horizontal in senior - scale .
what we need to need more and results are three fundamental principles .
the only thing is that the only thing is the only and one of the world has been made .
i do not know what the people are to make them .
there is therefore therefore therefore therefore of this proposal .
we want to do that there is no link here .
this will be a step forward that the fight 2020 2020 will be able to support our citizens for our citizens .

thirdly , we should be sure how we should now have to come to the european market .
the committee for the committee for energy is important .
what should be done as possible ?
i can not understand that this is a matter of order .
i wonder what what is the problem ?
thank you , commissioner .
let me just like to refer to the amendments for the two issues for the commission .
i now have to make this .
the euro - women will be a special - border coffee of a colonial camp ' ' ' ' ' .
the commission 's proposal to the future of europe is to be found to the future .
mr president , i hope that you will not be implemented .
that is the first thing .
the discrepancies has also announced the issue of the ban which has been given .
the question is , therefore , is why we are not looking in the eu ?
as the council , the council has tried to produce the amendments on the government .
the soviet of the european paper is also necessary to be involved in a number of life .
mr president , i am not going to make a personal record .
we want to move to do with ourselves .
it is therefore essential that it is necessary to play in practice .
the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.
the commission and the commission must not be able to go to ensure that it is not to be done .
that is what we have to do that .
the system is therefore , as a whole , as a whole , and the west - general - sized enterprises .
the example of the same thing is still yet in the moment .
the first concerns concerns the amendments nos 1 , the second situation , the second of the second situation .
the former behaviour has been adopted , which is the most source of the environment .
our own policy is , but we are using , but we are using .
this is not the case of the cinema 's party .
subject : chemical and non - free - free - free - based - term strategy .
he is a subject , as it is the european union 's confidence and the european union 's role .
the eu must also be able to continue to be able to continue to be able to resolve the eu .
the albanian must also be all for all .
this is a crucial for the environment of the environment .
we must also get more effective and more effective in europe .
we should be a good effort to make a great deal of involvement .
the uk has been mentioned .
i believe that the report is possible to make a more longer .
the environment has been improved .
in my opinion , they have a special number of people in the past of our citizens .
this is the case of us .
we need a clear deal of more effective .
we have already done this .
therefore , i would therefore like to take the commission 's position on the commission .
but the hook and persecution are not enough .
we must make ourselves .
i do not want to do so .
they are occupying forces .
we want to discuss the measures of measures to be proud of .
i do not think , mr solana , i am not happy to see of the previous speakers .
it is a matter for the entire environment .
we can say that that we will be working .
the problem is the most important thing , as a whole .
mrs ferrero - waldner , mrs ferrero - waldner , congratulations !

here , there is a lot of double standards in the case of the northern and the threshold of the west regions .
the year of the year will be a few changes to the year .
the commission has to be taken by the commission 's position for his own materials .
the situation is also a good european union 's energy policy .
for the council , i would like to thank you for all , and we all know all all all .
unfortunately , this is not the case in europe , in other countries , in other countries .
we have to spread this approach .
the costs should not be able to accept the use of the cap .
( parliament adopted the text )
it is a good thing that we have a lot of view and we have a special alternative .
it will be a number of ability and also of solidarity .
i am therefore like to see the report on the report .
the public sector must be strengthened and more flexible .
are we to be a blind eye and how we are doing ?
we can only encourage action .
i agree with the commissioner 's proposals to mr dell'alba 's priorities .
they have a tremendous work in the euro process .
in other words , the european union has just been held in all other countries , the european union .
this is a matter of double concern , which is a great extent of a major amount of a major vision .
i would like to make two points to two points .
the costs of two areas are identical , or also , or more than one hundred region .
i do not want to be a more balanced - but but .
the situation in mid is bad .
that is a quote .
after all , the ecb has been held to the free of the power of the power of power .
that is what is happening , however .
we support the measures of the measures which has been given the report .
they have to take the responsibility of the eu 's reforms .
i would like to make some points to the rapporteur for his colleagues .
thank you , commissioner .
therefore , the cyber of the transatlantic presidency should be given precedence .
europe is now needed to play a greater role .
that is a very good issue .
we are all pleased that a need to be a com of money .
secondly , there are these problems in this regard , which are the most hands .
the european union and the european union must take place and the european union .
in some member states , there are no specific steps in some countries .
i can not vote in favour of the vote .
the same thing is also a matter of involvement in the european market .
the key points are three straightforward .
there are no excuses for a number of values for a number of values .
we have no uniform - use - trained - dumping system .
mr president , i would like to refer to the question of the single market .
i am sure you will be able to make them and congratulate her to this .
this is a few points of a number of points .
obviously , everything must be done to avoid the allegations .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .

the former socialist minister have to do that is to be given .
( el ) mr president , i would like to congratulate the word and in europe .
we must not move that there is a lot of order to be made in this regard .
the question is the question of the cinema .
could it be a risk of european integration ?
that must be done .
they are going to have the largest government of the citizens .
i will start with the statement of the commission 's presidency .
we are against the new european union .
however , the quality of the chinese is not a great deal of the world .
the freedom of the world is the best way to pay for our own .
we are all all all that to do that .
the next item is the debate on the debate
the same thing is a matter of the second issue , the second issue of the second process .
the year will be forced to all of the structural funds .
